if they like if you're having trouble
doing a math problem then they will like
help you and show you what to do or what
you're doing wrong and explain what's a
bit well if they're nice and then their
respect you and this one I guess and
they help you out and they don't just
walk away do not a good teacher but is
really nice and helps you whenever you
need it and it doesn't yell at you and
understand you and mrs. I think a good
teacher needs to interact with other
students and know that my name and work
to you know bar there they're learning
styles and one who teaches thoroughly
but you know makes it easier for even
learn and use the variety of different
styles and who spends time with their I
think a good teacher needs to be
attentive to their students needs they
have to make sure that they can connect
with their students so it's not boring
and actually paying attention and get
something out of teaching my teacher
right now and this trade is mr. Kingston
he he shows me what I what to do and if
I do anything wrong and he's very nice
happy
I have my teacher his name is kim and i
also have a triple e teacher accused me
her name is mrs. Brown she's ready here
I have no name mrs. shrinker and my
first grade teacher mrs. mega mrs. now
glitch was really understanding and
cheer and she was always really nice and
she helped us with any problems we
needed which were any problems we need
help solving it which was a lot through
our skirts and misses shankar's oh and
my favorite teachers because she's
basically the same in mystic high school
she's my newspaper advisor she did a
really great job teaching our class and
she really made an effort jet you know
get to know I still text her and call
her now and I think that the way that
she talked off headed my favorite
teachers probably be my English teacher
from high school because it was really
funny and he made us pay attention it
was just interesting to listen to so
he also made the content I grow that so
we all get attention like if you're
struggling with the problem and you have
no clue what to do and they are just
like oh just go look up something you're
like ask another friend and um and then
and then they're just walk off and go to
other people or something back each it
probably does nothing I've actually had
a substitute teacher that sat at the
computer and with actually shopping sure
teacher like sits down and yells at you
or I doesn't really pay attention and
does it help you this is just okay yes
okay okay can't figure it out someone
who doesn't spend a lot of time with
their systems and just kind of goes
about their lectures it doesn't make
time for them to actually burn over okay
go out of their way that you know 140
Jake I think about a teacher is probably
one that doesn't connect with their
students on my personal level
and isn't very good at grabbing their
attention making sure that they were
thorough